# ChangeLog

Version: 1.1.0

# we have dropped supporting fabric as the maintenance burden was high, and only around 1% of the playerbase used it.
*"you are dead" - Engineer TF2*

### FIXES:
- fixed hoes not being able to hoe the ground
- fixed EMI crashes when clicking in a GT crate and when viewing recipes from the crafting tree
- fixed issues with tool repairing (infinitely duping tool repair recipe, electric tools can be repaired... etc.)
- remade how ore blocks are rendered
  - removes xray from block selection outline
  - fixes ores being transparent underwater sometimes
  - fixes some other issues with ore models
- fixed structure blocks not being able to rotate GT machines
- fixed conveyor covers on pipes not working before looking at the pipe
- fixed transfer amounts when using tag filters in robot arms and fluid regulators
- fixed surface indicators generating if the ore vein's center would have generated above ground
- allow energy detector covers to be placed on power substations
- reduced the firebox requirement on large boilers from 4 to 3 after recently requiring a maintenance hatch
- fixed GT tools showing up in every creative tab

### ADDITIONS:
- full chinese translations of every compass page
- added the 2nd decimal to output chance tooltips

### API CHANGES:
- remade the material registry to support custom namespaces
  - alleviates material conflicts
  - made material colors, components modifiable
  - deprecated IGTAddon#registerMaterials in favor of a `MOD` bus event.
  - material items now register per-mod instead of all into GT's registry
    - they are still accessed through GTItems & GTBlocks, though
  - materials' names are now autogenerated for you, don't have to register them yourself anymore. except if you want to override one.
- any TagPrefix can now have a block!
- remade how ore stone types are registered (cleaner now. no need to call so many builder methods yourself.)
- removed TagPrefix.LoaderType as we only support forge now.
- moved GTRegistries#REGISTRATE to GTRegistration#REGISTRATE
- GTCEu#isHighTier() is now in GTCEuAPI#isHighTier()
- made addons able to set custom material amounts for any prefix + material combo.
  - do this in PostMaterialEvent
- changed how ignoring a material registration with TagPrefix works, to allow other mods' items to be used as the replacement.
  - this is done via using a `Supplier<ItemLike>` (for example `() -> Items.ITEM_HERE`) instead of the raw item/block instance.

